1.	Write an if statement that checks if a string is empty. ()
2.	Write an if-else statement that checks if a number is even or odd. ()
3.	Write a for loop that prints the numbers 1 to 10. ()
4.	Write a for loop that prints the even numbers between 1 and 10. ()
5.	Write a for loop that prints the odd numbers between 1 and 10. ()
6.	Write a function that takes in two numbers and returns their sum. ()
7.	Write a function that takes in a string and returns the length of the string. ()
8.	Write a function that takes in an array and returns the length of the array. ()
9.	Write a function that takes in an object and returns the number of properties in the object. (SOLVED)
10.	Write a function that takes in a number and returns true if the number is even, false if it is odd. (SOLVED)
11.	Write a function that takes in a string and returns true if the string is empty, false otherwise. (SOLVED)
12.	Write a function that takes in an array and returns true if the array is empty, false otherwise. (SOLVED)
13.	Write a function that takes in an object and returns true if the object is empty, false otherwise. (SOLVED)
14.	Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the sum of the numbers. (SOLVED)
15.	Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns the length of the longest string. (SOLVED)
16.	write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns a new array with each number multiplied by 2. (SOLVED)
17.	Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with each string capitalized (SOLVED)
18.	Write a function that takes in a number and returns the factorial of that number. ???
19.	Write a function that takes in a string and returns the string reversed. (SOLVED)
20.	Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the average of the numbers. (SOLVED)
21.	Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with each string reversed. (SOLVED)
22.	Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns a new array with the values of a specific property. (SOLVED)
23.	Write a function that takes in a number and returns true if the number is prime, false otherwise. ???
24.	Write a function that takes in a string and returns true if the string is a palindrome, false otherwise. (SOLVED)
25.	Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns the largest number in the array. (SOLVED)
26.	Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns the shortest string in the array. ???
27.	Write a function that takes in a number and returns a new array with all the prime numbers up to that number. ???
28.	Write a function that takes in a string and returns a new string with all the vowels removed. (SOLVED)
29.	Write a function that takes in an array of numbers and returns a new array with all the numbers sorted in ascending order. (SOLVED)
30.	Write a function that takes in an array of strings and returns a new array with all the strings sorted in alphabetical order. ()
31.	Write a function that takes in an array of objects and returns a new array with all the objects sorted by a specific property. ???
32.	Write a function that takes in a number and returns the Fibonacci sequence up to that number. ???
33.	Write a function that checks if a number is positive or negative. ()
34.	Write a function that returns the product of two given numbers. ???
35. Write a function that finds the maximum of two given numbers. ()
36. Write a function that finds the minimum of two given numbers. ()
37. Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of 3. (SOLVED)
38. Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of 5. (SOLVED)
39. Write a function that checks if a given number is a multiple of both 3 and 5. (SOLVED)
40. Write a function that finds the sum of all numbers from 1 to a given number. (SOLVED)
41. Write a function that finds the product of all numbers from 1 to a given number.
42. Write a function that finds the reverse of a given string.
43. Write a function that checks if a given string contains a given substring.
44. Write a function that checks if a given string is a pangram (contains every letter of the alphabet).
45. Write a function that removes duplicate characters from a given string.
46. Write a function that sorts an array of numbers in ascending order.
47. Write a function that sorts an array of numbers in descending order.
48. Write a function that finds the maximum number in an array of numbers.
49. Write a function that finds the minimum number in an array of numbers.
50. Write a function that finds the sum of all numbers in an array of numbers.
51. Write a function that finds the factorial of a given number using recursion.
52. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of two.
53. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of three. Write a function that checks if a given number is a power of 10.
54. Write a function that checks if a given number, is a perfect square.
55. Write a function that checks if a given number, is a perfect cube.
56. Write a function that finds the square root of a given number.
57. Write a function that finds the cube root of a given number
58. Write a function that converts a string to uppercase.
59. Write a function that converts a string to lowercase.
60. Write a function that converts a string to title case (capitalizes the first letter of each word).
61. Write a function that finds the length of the longest word in a given string.
62. Write a function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in a given string
63. Write a function that finds the median of an array of numbers.

More Problems: (Easy and Medium)

-create a dynamic multiplication table which takes an input and print its table from 1x1 to 1x10. (Done by Doing its Project)
